Privacy Policy



Last updated: September 9th, 2023



This Privacy Policy is for the Everyday Motivation application by Mitoza.

We do not store or transmit your personal information, nor do we include any third-party advertising or analytics software.

By downloading, accessing, or using Everyday Motivation, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, and our Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy or our Terms and Conditions, do not use Everyday Motivation.


Everyday Motivation does NOT collect, store, or transmit any personal information or information that uniquely identifies you.

Everyday Motivation uses RevenueCat to handle subscriptions and in-app purchases. RevenueCat helps us validate App Store receipts, manage subscription transactions, restore purchases, and synchronize purchase statuses across various devices associated with your Apple ID. RevenueCat provides us with data on when a user first used the app and with information about purchased subscriptions. Transactions are tracked using an anonymous app ID. RevenueCat does not have access to any personal information (Place of processing: US). For further details, please refer to RevenueCat's privacy policy at: https://www.revenuecat.com/privacy.

Everyday Motivation does not collect any other data.



This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by posting the revised Privacy Policy on this page and by announcing it in the Release Notes. The date this Privacy Policy was last revised is indicated at the top of the page. By continuing to use Everyday Motivation, you agree to any revised changes.



If you have any more questions, please feel free to contact us at mitoza62@gmail.com.



The Mitoza app was built as an Ad Supported app. This SERVICE is provided by Mitoza at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. 

The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. 

I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.



Information Collection and Use

For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. 

The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.

The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app

Google Play Services
https://policies.google.com/privacy

AdMob
https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en

Google Analytics for Firebase
https://firebase.google.com/policies/analytics




Security

I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it.

But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.



Links to Other Sites

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. 

Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. 

I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.



Children’s Privacy

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. 

In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. 

If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.




Changes to This Privacy Policy

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time.

Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. 

I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2021-11-01




Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at mitoza62@gmail.com.

This privacy policy page was created at privacypolicytemplate.net and modified/generated by App Privacy Policy Generator
